<h1>Govt Suspends Interest Free Car Loans For Officials</h1>

Govt suspends interest-free car loans for officials

Under the existing policy, officials with the rank of deputy secretary and above are entitled to interest-free loans of up to Tk30 lakh to purchase vehicles.
Illustration: TBS
Illustration: TBS

The government has suspended interest-free loans for purchasing vehicles for public servants as part of a series of austerity measures aimed at reducing state expenditure.

The decision was taken at a Cabinet meeting held last night at the Jatiya Sangsad complex with Prime Minister Tarique Rahman in the chair.

The decision was disclosed at a press briefing organised by the Cabinet Division on Friday.

The Business Standard Google News Keep updated, follow The Business Standard's Google news channel
Under the existing policy, officials with the rank of deputy secretary and above are entitled to interest-free loans of up to Tk30 lakh to purchase vehicles.

They also receive a monthly allowance of Tk50,000 for maintenance and driver salary, along with an annual depreciation benefit of 10%.

As part of the new measures, the Cabinet has suspended the loan facility. At the same time, all government-funded foreign training programmes were also kept on hold until further notice.

It also decided to reduce domestic training-related costs by 50%, cut hospitality expenses for meetings and seminars by 50%, and lower seminar and conference expenses by 20%. Travel expenses will also be reduced by 30%, the briefing said.


The measures are aimed at curbing government spending amid current economic pressures.
